Yes, you can get the spooler programs I've written.  We run
TOPS20 Rel 4, and I suspect that's the only OS the spooler will work
on without extensive modification.  

	To install the spooler, you need:

	1. Set up a spooler directory (it's called LSR on SRI-AI; if
you want to call it anything else, you have to look up the several places
it's written into the code and change it) with protection 772222; this
allows users to write into it.  You can keep random files on the spooler
directory (e.g., the spooler sources), but any files with extensions
.IMP, .DVI, or .LST are scarfed up by the spooler.  The spooler executable
should reside on the spooler directory.  Set up an empty file
PRINT.LOG on this directory; it will contain a log of all files printed
on the Canon.

	2. The spooler sources are SPOOL.SAI and IQ2.SAI, both on <LSR>.
You may also want our <UNSUPPORTED>SEND.EXE, since the spooler uses this
to optionally notify users when their files are printing.  Compile the
sources, load and save them as SPOOL.EXE.  You should also have the
communications program that prints IMPRESS files (from Imagen); we've
called that program LSR.EXE, and you should too unless you change the
SPOOL.SAI source.

	3. There should be a hard-wired line for both the Canon printer
and the Spooler.  The TTY number for these two has to be set in the
SPOOL.SAI source.  Also, the password for <LSR> has to be set as an
ASCIZ string in SPOOL.SAI.  Once all this is done, the spooler can be
started by logging in as <LSR> on any random terminal, and then
invoking SPOOL.EXE.  The spooler program automatically migrates to the
spooler terminal and runs.  We did this so that the operators, who are
in another building, could remotely start the spooler on its own
terminal.  


There are other sources you will probably want:  <LSR>IQ.SAI is the
queue query program so users can find out what's in the queue.
On <TEX.IMAGEN> there is a whole slew of .SAI files for MAKIMP,
the program that converts TeX output and Ascii files to IMPRESS
format.  I've hacked that so it puts a trailer at the end of the .IMP
file for use by the spooler; you should probably use my sources.
If you don't, the spooler won't be able to hack .LST and .DVI files
copied to the spooler directory.  The MAKIMP program should be 
called IMAGEN.  The file <HELP>IMAGEN.HLP has info about how IMAGEN
is invoked, and what the various options are.


This is all a little complicated, as I never contemplated distribution.
Good luck!   --kk
-------
